pages/index.mdx, before:

import Layout from "../components/layout";
import SlideTip from "../components/slidetip";
import SocialBox from "../components/socialbox";

export const meta = {
  title: "Home",
  description:
    "Hi! I'm Cameron Kleiman, a software engineer at Datadog, and this is my website!",
};

<SocialBox />

## 🙋🏼‍♂️ Me

- i work at [datadog](https://www.datadoghq.com) in nyc
- mit '24, major in <SlideTip title="(computer science)">6-3</SlideTip>, with a minor in <SlideTip title="(urban planning)">11</SlideTip>
- i ran [varsity track and xc](https://mitathletics.com/sports/mcross) at mit

## 👇🏼 Now

- 🇩🇰 i traveled to copenhagen, denmark for an internship at [klimate](https://klimate.co) through the [mit-denmark program](https://misti.mit.edu/mit-denmark)
- 🎓 i finished my mit undergraduate degree!

## 🛠️ Projects

- [headways](https://headways.camk.co), a website that helps you plan for traveling on transit
- [python tricks you should know](https://pages.camk.co/python/), an unofficial guide for [mit 6.101](https://py.mit.edu) students
- [dormcon rex events page](https://dormcon.mit.edu/rex/events) and [t-rex api](https://rex.mit.edu)
- [this website](https://github.com/camtheman256/personal-website)

## 👋🏼 You might know me from&hellip;

- mit's <SlideTip title="fundamentals of programming">6.101</SlideTip>, where i was a ta in spring 2023
- [google nyc](https://careers.google.com/locations/new-york/), where i worked on the linux team in summer 2022
- [google sf](https://careers.google.com/locations/san-francisco/), where i worked summer 2023 on [looker](https://www.looker.com/)
- [how to internet](https://splash-c14375.github.io/), a two-hour class i taught to middle and high schoolers as part of mit esp's fall 2020 splash
- [scuffy 2020](https://www.notion.so/SCUFFY-2020-7ca7a73c7ecd4e1e8c9a14aec02cc2f3), a site i helped create to virtually connect mit's prefrosh and help them explore dorm communities
- [introduction to julia](https://camtheman256.github.io/C14008-website/), a six-part class i taught to high schoolers online as part of mit esp's summer 2020 hssp
- [senseable city lab](https://senseable.mit.edu), where i <SlideTip title="mit's undergraduate research opportunities program">uroped</SlideTip> in spring 2020
- [lasa high school](https://www.lasahighschool.org) class of 2019

export default ({ children }) => <Layout meta={meta}>{children}</Layout>;

Commit message:

Update personal information in index.mdx
Removed internship and graduation details from the Now section.

pages/index.mdx, after:

import Layout from "../components/layout";
import SlideTip from "../components/slidetip";
import SocialBox from "../components/socialbox";

export const meta = {
  title: "Home",
  description:
    "Hi! I'm Cameron Kleiman, a software engineer at Datadog, and this is my website!",
};

<SocialBox />

## 🙋🏼‍♂️ Me

- i work at [datadog](https://www.datadoghq.com) in nyc
- mit '24, major in <SlideTip title="(computer science)">6-3</SlideTip>, with a minor in <SlideTip title="(urban planning)">11</SlideTip>
- i run with the [new york harriers](https://www.newyorkharriers.com/) and compete in [nyrr races](https://results.nyrr.org/runner/49949781/races)
- i ran [varsity track and xc](https://mitathletics.com/sports/mcross) at mit

## 🛠️ Projects

- [headways](https://headways.camk.co), a website that helps you plan for traveling on transit
- [python tricks you should know](https://pages.camk.co/python/), an unofficial guide for [mit 6.101](https://py.mit.edu) students
- [dormcon rex events page](https://dormcon.mit.edu/rex/events) and [t-rex api](https://rex.mit.edu)
- [this website](https://github.com/camtheman256/personal-website)

## 👋🏼 You might know me from&hellip;

- copenhagen, denmark where i interned at [klimate](https://klimate.co) through the [mit-denmark program](https://misti.mit.edu/mit-denmark)
- mit's <SlideTip title="fundamentals of programming">6.101</SlideTip>, where i was a ta in spring 2023
- [google nyc](https://careers.google.com/locations/new-york/), where i worked on the linux team in summer 2022
- [google sf](https://careers.google.com/locations/san-francisco/), where i worked summer 2023 on [looker](https://www.looker.com/)
- [how to internet](https://splash-c14375.github.io/), a two-hour class i taught to middle and high schoolers as part of mit esp's fall 2020 splash
- [scuffy 2020](https://www.notion.so/SCUFFY-2020-7ca7a73c7ecd4e1e8c9a14aec02cc2f3), a site i helped create to virtually connect mit's prefrosh and help them explore dorm communities
- [introduction to julia](https://camtheman256.github.io/C14008-website/), a six-part class i taught to high schoolers online as part of mit esp's summer 2020 hssp
- [senseable city lab](https://senseable.mit.edu), where i <SlideTip title="mit's undergraduate research opportunities program">uroped</SlideTip> in spring 2020
- [lasa high school](https://www.lasahighschool.org) class of 2019

export default ({ children }) => <Layout meta={meta}>{children}</Layout>;
